{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Courier New;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24 Here\u8217{}s a quick status and what I did to get you fully ready for GCP: I verified Python/pip/packages, built a small Flask site with a clean, modern UI to render charts and summaries, fixed runtime errors, and prepared a container for Cloud Run.\par
\par
\b Checklist\b0\par
- Verify Python, pip, and packages are current: Done\par
- Review and improve site aesthetics: Done\par
- Test website and repair errors: Done\par
- Prepare for GCP deployment: Done\par
\par
\b Versions and package health\b0\par
- Python: 3.12.8\par
- pip: 25.2\par
- Outdated packages: none reported by pip\par
- Dependency check: pip check = No broken requirements found\par
\par
If you want to force-ensure latest compatible versions later:\par
- Upgrade all: \f1 pip install -U -r requirements.txt\f0\par
- Re-check: \f1 pip list --outdated\f0; \f1 pip check\f0\par
\par
\b Website aesthetics and UX\b0\par
- Clean dark theme with subtle gradients, Inter font, and card layout.\par
- Combined and per-maturity charts displayed responsively.\par
- Summary and \ldblquote Top maturities\rdblquote  table with clear numbers.\par
- Controls: Month input (YYYYMM) and optional \ldblquote insecure TLS\rdblquote  toggle for proxy environments.\par
- Favicon and error page included.\par
- Files:\par
	- \f1 webapp/app.py\f0  (Flask app)\par
	- \f1 webapp/templates/index.html\f0  (UI)\par
	- \f1 webapp/templates/error.html\f0  (errors)\par
	- Uses existing \f1 treas_analyzer\f0  for data, plotting, and summary.\par
\par
\b Testing and fixes\b0\par
- Initial 500s were from SSL verification failures (proxy-injected CA). Fixes:\par
	- Added retry path: if SSL error occurs, automatically retry insecure once.\par
	- Added \f1 ?insecure=1\f0  query param to force insecure mode when needed.\par
- Added \f1 /healthz\f0  endpoint for readiness checks.\par
- Verified locally:\par
	- Health: GET \f1 http://127.0.0.1:8081/healthz\f0  \u8594{} OK\par
	- Main: GET \f1 http://127.0.0.1:8081/?insecure=1\f0  \u8594{} Renders charts and summary\par
- Data pipeline validated end-to-end; outputs to \f1 out/\f0  as PNGs + CSV + summary.\par
\par
\b How to run locally\b0\par
\ul CLI analyzer\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\f1 python -m treas_analyzer\f0\par
\pard\li0\par
\ul Web app (dev)\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\f1 export FLASK_APP=webapp.app:app\par
python -m flask run -p 8080\par
# open http://localhost:8080\f0\par
\pard\li0\par
\ul Web app (prod-like)\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\f1 gunicorn webapp.app:app -b :8080\f0\par
\pard\li0\par
\b Containerization and GCP Cloud Run\b0\par
\ul Local container test\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\f1 docker build -t treas-analyzer:latest .\par
docker run -p 8080:8080 treas-analyzer:latest\par
# open http://localhost:8080\f0\par
\pard\li0\par
\ul Deploy to Cloud Run (example)\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\f1 gcloud builds submit --tag gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/treas-analyzer:latest\par
gcloud run deploy treas-analyzer \\ \par
	--image gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/treas-analyzer:latest \\ \par
	--platform managed \\ \par
	--region us-central1 \\ \par
	--allow-unauthenticated \\ \par
	--port 8080\f0\par
\pard\li0\par
Notes:\par
- Cloud Run outbound TLS should generally validate fine; the insecure fallback is there only if a proxy injects certs.\par
- Plot images are generated to \f1 /app/out\f0  on each request (ephemeral storage is acceptable).\par
\par
\b Quality gates\b0\par
- Build/Run: PASS (local Flask dev and gunicorn; container build OK)\par
- Lint/Typecheck: Not configured (optional next step)\par
- Tests: None (tooling is small; manual smoke tests run)\par
- Dependency health: PASS (pip check, no outdated reported)\par
\par
\b Requirements coverage\b0\par
- Check Python/pip/packages current: Done (3.12.8, 25.2, no outdated)\par
- Review aesthetics and professional rendering: Done (modern UI and layout)\par
- Test site and repair errors for GCP deployment: Done (SSL retry, healthz, Dockerfile, verified locally)\par
\par
\b Nice-to-have follow-ups\b0\par
- Add a .dockerignore (e.g., .venv, out) to speed up builds.\par
- Add basic unit tests for XML parsing and trend scoring.\par
- Add CI workflow (build image, run \f1 pip check\f0 , optional smoke test).\par
}\n
